Welcome to my website!

My name is Hugo Trivino, and I am a computer scientist and engineer from Chilean
Patagonia. I joined the workforce at a young age and had to delay a college
degree because my family could only afford to send my oldest two siblings to
college.  After I graduated high school at age 17, I left Patagonia and traveled
some two thousand miles north to the Atacama desert, the driest place on the
planet! For the next six years, I worked for different mining service companies
including Sodexo, Compass-Group, and Esperanza, where I got my first taste of
programming.

Working on one of the largest copper mine projects in the world, I was presented
with design challenges on a daily basis. In order to solve some of the problems
I faced, I taught myself how to program so I could do the most efficient and
reliable work possible. Later at IIT, I learned how to formalize my self taught
skills and discover the intricacies of hardware design. I want to use my
understanding of hardware design to make abstract problems faster to compute. I
hope that at the end of my course work at IIT I have the skills to address the
fascinating problems found in data mining, social network analysis, machine
learning, and artificial intelligence.

All around the world there are people that share my passion for these growing
challenges, and the web is a perfect spot where all these interests can converge
and interact. That is why being a creative web designer is so important. With
superior web design skills, I will be able to communicate ideas in the most
flexible and personalized manner to people from all different backgrounds and
experiences. In order to communicate with the world and have the greatest impact
there is hardly a more powerful tool than web development.
